[♪♪♪]
The body of one Emily Sawyer.
the embalming of which
is being performed
by Intern Rebecca Owens.
for her final
supervised procedure.
[♪♪♪]
Very good. Miss Owens.
Arterial injection.
Embalming is proceeding
adequately.
Adequately?
Satisfactorily.
You're doing great.
[CHUCKLES]
Uh. did I do something wrong?
No. everything's fine.
Please. continue.
[♪♪♪]
Embalming completed
at 4:24 p.m.
Fantastic job. Miss Owens.
[♪♪♪]
All right. Miss Sawyer.
Let's get you tucked in.
Night.
[SIGHS]
Instruments in autoclave. check.
Table cleaned. check.
Restock.
[♪♪♪]
Oh. God...
Mr. Delver. you startled me.
What are you doing?
Uh. I was just restocking
the fluids.
I saw they were low.
so I was gonna stock 'em
before I went home.
There's never any reason
to be down here.
There are extra bottles
in the front supply closet.
That should be plenty
until we get the next delivery.
Though. I appreciate
your attention to detail.
Of course.
[♪♪♪]
Hmm.
Well. unfortunately
there's no great fanfare
to mark your completion.
Not in this line of work.
That said.
shall we toast
to your achievement?
Uh. no.
No. Thank you.
Uh. I appreciate it though.
Of course.
My apologies.
No. It's fine.
I just. um...
I just don't really drink.
Nonetheless.
So. I'll be working
on my own now?
For the most part. yes.
I'll mainly be handling
the business end of things.
Taking care
of the families
or the loved ones
and stuff like that?
Not these days.
We don't invite the families
into the office.
It's one of the reasons
I removed the doors
to the embalming room.
I found that
when I'm working on my own.
it just makes things
a bit easier.
one large prep room.
Easier to keep
an eye on them. I guess.
[CHUCKLES]
Yes.
The hours will be
fairly consistent.
Uh. other than
the occasional weekend.
you'll mostly work
the day shift.
I'll handle any remains
that come in at night.
But I don't mind
working nights
-if you ever need to--
-No.
No.
I wouldn't want you
to get worn out.
Burning the candle
at both ends.
-it isn't good for anyone.
-Mm.
Besides. you're young.
You should be out
having fun.
Hmm.
I don't really do
much of that these days.
Well then I can expect you
to be well-rested
when you show up
for your day shift.
Hmm.
[GROANS]
Everything all right.
Ms. Owens?
Uh. um. yeah.
Uh. sorry.
I just got
a bit of a migraine.
I'll be all right.
Well. with any luck.
we won't get anyone in.
You'll be able to take
the whole weekend off and relax.
Welcome aboard. Ms. Owens.
[♪♪♪]
Again. and again. and again.
[PUFFS]
[♪♪♪]
What the...
Uh. hi.
Uh. my name is Rebecca.
and today is my one year.
Um. sorry.
I-- I don't really know. um.
what to say.
A-- a year ago.
I didn't really think
that I would even be here.
But. uh. I'm sure
you guys probably
hear that all the time.
Before I got sober. uh.
I think I was afraid of
feeling pretty much anything.
I would just shut off
from everyone.
and I don't even think
I went more than a day
without numbing myself.
I guess I was just
letting the fear
and shame kind of
take over. you know?
Uh. would end up hurting
anybody who would try to help.
And I think that's been
the hardest part for me
is accepting the pain
that I've caused
and people that I've lost.
Uh. but that's why I'm grateful
for this program.
because I know
that I'm not alone
in that feeling.
And I can choose to not hide
from myself anymore.
Um. so thank you
for letting me share.
Happy birthday.
You should be proud.
You should be proud of yourself.
It's a big deal.
And there's still work
to be done.
but you know that.
We just have to keep taking it
one day at a time.
and you
keep coming back.
This is why it's important
that we share our wins
and we celebrate each other.
so let's celebrate.
Rebecca.
GRANDMA:
Whoa!
Becca. I am so proud of you.
and your daddy.
Oh. God rest his soul.
He would be so proud
of you. too.
Thank you for coming.
Of course. sweetie.
I love you.
I love you too. Grandma.
I'll see you soon.
-Bye. honey.
-Bye.
Rebecca.
I'm not gonna lie.
I'm worried about you.
It is not uncommon
for the first-year chip
to be the last one collected.
Well. I made it this far.
haven't I?
Tell me you'll call
if you start to slip.
I will.
Okay.
Just remember.
you're only as sick
as your secrets.
And hey. congrats
on finishing your internship.
I know.
Hell yeah.
Although
I will never understand
how you can deal
with the...
Uh. okay.
I'm proud of you.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
[♪♪♪]
[SIGHS]
Fuck it!
[♪♪♪]
[TAKES A DEEP BREATH]
Mr. Delver?
Sorry to disturb you.
Ms. Owens.
I know you aren't
feeling well.
No. it's okay.
Uh. what can I
do for you?
Unfortunately.
I need you to come in tonight.
I know it's not
what we talked about. but...
Okay.
We got a transfer
from the city morgue
this evening.
several in fact.
and I'm unable
to be there myself.
Sure.
I mean. that's what you've
been training me for. right?
Absolutely.
Good luck.
[SIGHS]
[♪♪♪]
REBECCA:
All right.
Wait.
Embalming and cremation?
Why do I need to do both?
Uh. whatever.
All right. Mr. Lebowitz.
let's get you embalmed
and. I guess. cremated.
[♪♪♪]
All right.
what do we have here?
Oof. yeah. that'll do it.
[♪♪♪]
Oh. those look fresh.
Wonder how you got those.
Well. if you're curious
why a bath.
that would make two of us.
I mean. why put in
all this effort
if you're just
gonna burn. right?
But the boss gets
what the boss wants.
[♪♪♪]
Okay.
All right.
Jacob Lebowitz.
REBECCA:
Distinguishing works.
You gotta be
fucking kidding me.
[♪♪♪]
[INDISTINCT WHISPERING]
[CLEARS THROAT]
River Fields Mortuary.
Hello?
RAYMOND: [ON PHONE]
It's Raymond.
Just checking to see
how things are going.
Yeah. yeah.
Uh. it's been interesting.
Uh. I think the storm's causing
some trouble with the lights.
but they're holding up.
and I was just about to start
on the second body.
RAYMOND: [ON PHONE]
I was wondering
if you had any questions?
If you need anything.
call me right away.
Of course. Mr. Delver.
I'm sure I'll be fine.
[♪♪♪]
Okay.
Well. you must have been
somebody's grandma. right?
My grandma.
she basically raised me
after my dad.
And she--
[EXHALES]
Shit.
Um. uh. wait here.
All right. that works.
How did you do that?
[♪♪♪]
That's weird.
Oh.
Oh. you poor thing.
I'll be right back.
[♪♪♪]
Is somebody there?
Raymond?
[♪♪♪]
What the fuck?
Hello?
Mr. Delver. uh--
I-- I can't hear--
BEN: [ON PHONE]
You did this to me.
Who is this?
BEN: [ON PHONE]
It's all your fault.
[♪♪♪]
[GASPING]
Hello?
BEN: [ON PHONE]
Uh. report a missing person.
a child. my daughter.
Her name
is Rebecca Owens.
She's 14.
You have to help me.
Dad?
BEN: [ON PHONE]
She has a drug problem.
Uh. she went out on the lake
with some friends.
she never came back.
No. I'm not gonna wait
24 hours!
My daughter is in trouble.
God damn it!
Fine!
No.
No. Dad.
BEN: [ON PHONE]
I'll look for her myself!
[YOUNG REBECCA SCREAMING]
[GROWLING]
[GASPING]
[PANTS]
[♪♪♪]
Becca?
Not now.
KELLY:
Becca. you gotta let me in.
Becca. I'm here to help you.
Becca. come to this door.
I'm not leaving.
Okay. Okay. um...
Looks like you found
some good stuff. huh?
No. um...
You're paying for it now.
I-- I don't remember
coming home.
And I'm guessing
you don't remember
calling me to come over?
Sounds about right.
Okay. so we start again.
Today is day one.
So we will make you
a big ole cup of coffee
and we will find ourselves
a meeting.
Um. no.
I-- I-- I didn't use. okay?
I-- I know that I--
I didn't.
Girl. now I know
what the day after looks like.
and it looks like you.
And you and I both know
that the first step
is to acknowledge.
So coffee. shower. meeting.
What we are not gonna do
is pretend that last night
didn't happen. okay?
That's what
we're not gonna do
because we all know
that it did.
So we're gonna get
this coffee in you.
We are gonna
find ourselves--
I-- I...
I didn't use. okay?
I know that I didn't.
I-- I just-- I need you
to believe me here
because I really--
-Well. okay. I need you--
-Know that I didn't do it.
-I need you--
-There's something...
I need you-- I need you
to calm down. okay?
I'm here now.
Come here.
[CRYING]
It's okay.
Okay.
All right.
let's get that coffee.
Ow! Ow!
[INDISTINCT SPEECH]
What? Oh. hell no.
[SCREAMS]
Oh!
No!
No! No! Becca. no!
No! No! No!
[INDISTINCT SPEECH]
Becca. no!
No!
[SCREAMS]
[CRYING]
KELLY:
No!
Oh. no!
No. please. no!
No! No!
Oh. no!
[GRUNTING]
No! No!
[GRUNTS]
No!
[GRUNTING]
No! No! No!
Stop. stop it.
No! No.
No!
[SCREAMING]
[♪♪♪]
[PANTING]
REBECCA:
No. um...
[GASPING]
[PANTING]
[♪♪♪]
Rebecca.
are you all right?
Mr. Delver.
I didn't know who else to call.
RAYMOND: [ON PHONE]
Tell me exactly
what you've experienced.
I think I did something
really bad.
Where are you?
Home.
I came home and--
RAYMOND: [ON PHONE]
You left?
Rebecca. you need to go back
to the mortuary. right away.
-It's far too dangerous.
-No. I--
No. no. I--
I can't go back there.
I'm not going back.
I know what you experienced
was terrifying.
I can explain everything.
I'll meet you there.
You knew?
I had to be sure.
You knew
and you made me go in there?
Rebecca. listen.
I am trying to help you.
Who the fuck you are?
The mortuary is actually
the safest place
for you to be right now.
You have to trust me.
Anywhere else. you are a danger
to those around you.
You gotta be
fucking kidding me.
I don't--
RAYMOND: [ON PHONE]
I can help you
but you need to go back
to the mortuary now.
I will meet you there.
You...
You expect me
to trust you now?
If I could spare you this.
I would.
but I can only try
and help you.
It isn't bound to me.
What do you
fucking mean bound?
I-- I...
Rebecca.
what I'm about to tell you
will be hard to believe.
but you need to listen to me
if you want to survive.
I don't understand
what you are talking about.
I don't...
What the fuck?
[PANTING]
-Rebecca.
-[GASPS]
Rebecca?
What's wrong?
Are you okay?
Rebecca?
Rebecca. are you okay?
KELLY:
Girl. what is wrong?
[PANTING]
[♪♪♪]
The entity will do anything
to weaken you.
It exploits the worst parts
of ourselves.
any doubts.
any memories. any sin.
anything to gain control.
to let it in.
Why is this happening?
Entities can inhabit
the dead fairly easily.
but it's a prison.
a foothold into our world
until it can find
a living body strong enough
to withstand possession.
And that's...
That's what I am?
It is a weakness
that we both seem to share.
It simply found you first.
For most.
the body shuts down
before the demon
can complete the evocation.
but not with you.
I'm sorry.
I had no way of knowing
that the possession had started.
let alone it had bound
itself to you.
I want this to stop!
Just listen.
It knows you. Rebecca.
The demon knows
everything about you.
all your darkest secrets.
and it will use all of it
against you.
torturing you.
weakening you
until you have no choice
but to submit.
Okay.
So what do we do?
Well. I fear we haven't got
much time.
The demon has bound
itself to you.
Once it finds you.
there's no going back.
And unfortunately.
I can't do this for you.
I've had years
to learn what I know.
You have hours.
Okay.
Show me.
To banish a demon to hell.
you need to learn its name.
The demon's true name
cannot be spoken.
These symbols
when combined
represent the demon's place
in one of
the three houses of hell.
Invidious. desolation.
or emulation.
Okay. but where did
all of this stuff come from?
RAYMOND:
It doesn't matter.
Trust me.
I've been at this
for a long time.
Let's try and take
advantage of that.
When the mark contains
the demon's name.
it should be placed on the body
and burned.
However--
But how am I supposed to know
which one to use?
Letting strips.
What are letting strips?
[SIGHS]
I'm sorry.
I've never had to explain this
to anyone before.
I forget how foreign it is.
Maybe the best thing to do
is to show you
from the beginning.
The mark is only half
of the equation.
In order to make sure
the mark binds. the--
Rebecca?
Rebecca.
You pathetic old fuck.
Do I have something
that you want?
I think you need
to reconsider.
This one's a little more useful
to you than the others.
Not chained
in a tiny little box
or being burned alive
in agony.
Another sacrifice
to save your fucking skin.
It's your turn to burn.
[GROANS]
[RAYMOND COUGHS]
[PANTING]
[♪♪♪]
REBECCA:
Raymond. I'm sorry.
Raymond. um...
Raymond?
I'm sorry.
REBECCA:
Wait. what?
Why is the door locked?
Why wouldn't you
open the door?
Raymond!
Raymond. come on.
just open the door!
Why are you
locking me in here?
Raymond?
[WHIMPERING]
REBECCA:
You're supposed
to help me. Raymond.
Please just
open the door.
I don't wanna be
stuck in here.
Please!
Raymond.
just open the door!
You said
you were gonna help me.
Raymond. please
just open the door.
I don't want to be
stuck in here.
Raymond. please!
Please!
[PANTS]
[♪♪♪]
[SIGHS]
[PANTS]
[♪♪♪]
GRANDMA:
Rebecca!
-Grandma?
-GRANDMA: Rebecca?
What are you doing here?
It's so cold out here.
It's freezing.
Let me in.
You're always
such a disappointment.
Let me in!
[GROWLS]
[GASPS]
[♪♪♪]
Hey!
Let me in!
Dad?
[TAKES A DEEP BREATH]
I brought something
for ya.
I thought maybe
you could
slit your wrists. you know.
and we could be together.
Let me in.
you little bitch!
Just-- just
one little cut.
[GASPS]
Oh. my God.
Oh.
Let me in.
you little bitch!
[SCREAMING]
[GROANING]
[♪♪♪]
[PANTING]
[SCREAMING]
BEN:
Rebecca.
[♪♪♪]
[GRUNTS]
BEN:
You're going to die.
-[GRUNTS]
-BEN: You're going to die.
You're going to die. you shit.
You did this to me.
It's all your fault.
KELLY:
You're only as sick
as your secrets.
BEN:
I know you.
It's all your fault.
[INDISCERNIBLE WHISPERING]
BEN:
I have come.
You're going to die.
Come on. Rebecca.
[PANTS]
[♪♪♪]
[WHIMPERS]
BEN:
Rebecca.
Just one little cut.
It will all be over.
[INDISCERNIBLE SPEECH]
BEN:
Cut.
One little cut
and it will all be over.
Cut. cut. cut. cut. cut. cut.
cut. cut. cut. cut. cut.
It will all be over.
[INDISCERNIBLE SPEECH]
BEN:
Just one little cut.
[GRUNTING]
[SCREAMS]
[LAUGHS]
[BEN LAUGHING]
RAYMOND: [ON PHONE]
Do exactly as I say.
Once you have
chosen a body.
you must
slice your wrist.
Why?
Why mine?
RAYMOND: [ON PHONE]
Do not argue with me.
Ms. Owens.
Suffering is the only way.
It craves suffering.
your suffering.
Offer your blood.
Burn the body.
and it will all be over.
[LAUGHS]
[♪♪♪]
[PANTS]
[GASPING]
[♪♪♪]
REBECCA:
None of this is real.
[TAKING DEEP BREATHS]
[♪♪♪]
Rebecca?
It didn't work.
RAYMOND: [ON PHONE]
What do you mean?
What didn't work?
I-- I burned the body.
I did it exactly
as you told me to. okay?
I burned the body and--
Rebecca. I've been trying
to call you for hours.
I could never get through.
We haven't spoken
since I left.
What?
N-- no.
No. Raymond.
I just talked to you. okay?
You-- you told me
that--
Rebecca. you need to get off
the phone now.
No. no. no.no. Raymond.
You have to help me.
I don't know
what I am doing here. okay?
The tapes.
REBECCA: [ON PHONE]
What tapes?
Find the tapes.
They'll tell you
what to do.
What-- what tapes?
Raymond?
Raymond? Hello?
RAYMOND: [ON PHONE]
There is a series
of recordings.
What recordings?
RAYMOND: [ON PHONE]
They're in the storage room
downstairs.
They'll explain everything.
Follow the steps exactly.
Most importantly.
you must inject yourself
with the embalming fluid.
Inject the body with reagent.
You must embalm first.
You must
burn yourself alive.
BEN: [ON PHONE]
He's here.
Screaming. suffering.
always pleading. begging.
pleading. begging.
please. please. please.
please. please.
You can save me. Rebecca.
Save me.
[Ben laughing on phone]
BEN: [ON PHONE]
Daddy's little girl.
[♪♪♪]
No. No.
[GASPS]
[SCREAMS]
Burn the letting strip in order
to uncover the sigils.
Configure the demonic name
on the mark.
Place the mark
on the body
and burn
in the retort.
The blood of the possessed
must be injected
into the deceased body
housing the demon.
It must be administered
as a reagent
when embalming in order
to bind it to the mark.
Otherwise.
the entity will escape
before burning.
Reagent.
The other half.
the mark and the reagent.
This is the only way.
I've found a way
to prevent this
from ever happening again.
The blood of the possessed
can be extracted
and stored
for later use.
I'm sorry
for what I've done.
but it's the only way.
Please don't.
Raymond.
RAYMOND: [ON TV]
I'm sorry. Vallery.
VALLERY: [ON TV]
Don't do this.
Please don't do this.
[VALLERY CRYING]
[♪♪♪]
All right.
Now let's find your name.
[♪♪♪]
[GASPS]
Hey. little love.
Poor Rebecca.
Perhaps a familiar voice
would make you
more comfortable.
[GASPING]
[WHIMPERS]
Time is running out.
Rebecca.
Just let me in.
Let me in.
It'll all be over.
[CHOKING]
[LAUGHS]
[PANTING]
[♪♪♪]
VALLERY:
Help me!
You aren't Vallery.
Not anymore.
Help me!
[VALLERY WHIMPERING]
VALLERY:
Help me.
[GRUNTS]
[PANTING]
[♪♪♪]
[PANTS]
VALLERY:
Help me. Help me.
[WHIMPERS]
[SHOUTS]
VALLERY:
Help. Help me.
[PANTS]
[♪♪♪]
BEN:
Rebecca?
Rebecca. where are you?
Rebecca. oh. my God!
Oh. God. no!
No. no. no.
Kid. please.
not again.
Oh. my God.
you gotta breathe.
You gotta breathe.
Come on. come on.
come on.
Come on.
come on. kid.
Yeah.
Please.
Hey!
Somebody!
Somebody help!
I gotta get help.
I'll be back quick.
I'll be back.
[GASPS]
[COUGHS]
[PANTING]
[♪♪♪]
[VALLERY CRYING]
VALLERY:
Help me.
[VALLERY CRYING]
Please. please.
please. please.
Hello? Hello?
Is someone out there?
Um. Val-- Vallery?
Please!
Help me!
Oh. God.
What has he
done to you?
Please. Please!
I-- I-- um.
I'm so sorry.
I-- I-- I will be right back.
I promise.
I-- I'm gonna come back
for you. okay?
Promise. I will.
I will be right back.
Don't go!
Please! Come back!
[SCREAMS]
[♪♪♪]
[GROWLING]
So you think
this is the one?
[♪♪♪]
[CHOKING]
[GROWLING]
[♪♪♪]
[SIGHS]
VALLERY:
Help me.
Help me please.
[GASPS]
Oh. I thought
it was over.
It will never be over.
[GROWLS]
[♪♪♪]
Daddy.
Daddy!
[CRYING]
[GROANS]
[PANTS]
[♪♪♪]
Dad?
Hey. little love.
Dad. I'm so sorry.
I'm here
and it's all right.
You're safe.
But if I...
If I had...
If I had just stopped. I...
You were a kid.
You were just
a beautiful kid...
and...
well. I could've
protected you better.
You need to stop doing this
to yourself though.
and you need
to stop thinking
of me like this.
REBECCA:
I can't. I can't.
I don't wanna forget you.
You won't.
But if you keep
reliving that night
over and over.
that one night.
your only memory of me is--
is pain.
Rebecca. please...
it's time...
to let the dead rest.
[EXHALES]
Dad.
[♪♪♪]
[SIGHS]
VALLERY:
Rebecca.
Rebecca. please.
VALLERY:
Please. Rebecca.
Rebecca. please help me.
Please.
[INDISTINCT SPEECH]
VALLERY:
Rebecca. please.
Please.
[VALLERY CRYING]
VALLERY:
Help me!
I'm here.
-Rebecca. is that you?
-Yeah.
Can you see
what he's doing?
REBECCA:
Yeah.
You have to get me
out of here.
[WHIMPERS]
Okay.
Okay. It's okay.
I'm getting you out.
all right?
Okay.
Okay?
I'm gonna get you out.
[GRUNTS]
REBECCA:
Okay.
Oh. God. you poor thing.
Oh. god. It's okay.
[CRYING]
I'm sorry.
Are you-- what?
You're stupid. Rebecca.
-[GROWLS]
-Um...
[LAUGHS]
[WHIMPERS]
RAYMOND:
Vallery!
By the houses of hell.
I command you back!
[GROWLING]
Back!
[VALLERY GROWLING]
[WHIMPERING]
Rebecca.
are you all right?
Stay away from me.
Easy.
I know you must have
a lot of questions.
What the fuck
is happening?
Come upstairs.
I'll explain everything.
[GASPING]
I'm sorry. Rebecca.
I am.
You shouldn't have had
to face that alone.
But. unfortunately...
that is the life we lead.
How long have you
been keeping her
down there. Raymond?
That's not Vallery
down there.
Not anymore.
She died long ago.
Is that what
you were gonna do to me?
Probably not.
[SCOFFS]
So. you-- you what?
You just keep her
chained down there
so you can bleed her dry
and--
Without her.
there's no reagent.
Without the reagent...
You used her. too.
You knew
it was Vallery's blood
and you used it anyway.
In the end.
you chose survival.
just like I did.
We can't bring her back
and I can't kill her. Rebecca.
I won't.
Even though I know.
it would be
the merciful thing to do.
Because she's not
the only one.
What do you mean?
I watched others experience
what you did.
but none of them survived.
I watched them suffer
and degrade
until they were
no longer themselves.
No longer human.
I looked for years for a way
to reverse it.
but all I found
was a way to prevent it.
Using Vallery.
This one...
horrible thing prevented
any more death.
One horrible thing.
Isn't that better
than doing nothing?
I thought with all
I'd learned
that I could--
I could have people
around again.
that I could keep them safe.
But...
But you and me.
maybe we could
find a new way.
No.
No. Raymond.
There is no we.
Rebecca.
this isn't some holy war.
It's survival.
I'm not doing this
for the greater good.
I just wanna live
one more day.
just like everyone else.
Just like you.
Out there.
you are on your own.
You're safe for now.
but once the houses of hell
have found you.
they'll do anything
to get you back.
This has been my whole life.
It never goes away.
You have to learn
how to live with it.
And how am I supposed
to do that?
RAYMOND:
Stay here.
Learn from me.
The more you face
the darkest parts of yourself.
the less control
they will have over you.
You can become unbreakable.
The more we know ourselves.
the stronger we are.
So. you're just saying
I'm never gonna be freed?
I'm afraid so.
But you can learn
how to live a life beyond fear.
[♪♪♪]